README.md, before:

# BaaS

Backup as a Service

## Build instructions for Windows

I. Cygwin installation and setup
    1. Download Cygwin setup.exe from https://www.cygwin.com/setup-x86_64.exe
        Important: Place the setup file in the same directory as the installation scripts.
    2. Execute install.bat
        This will install Cygwin and prerequisite packages under .\build. It will also download
        and install python-lockfile, duplicity and python-swiftclient.

II. Node.js
    1. Install Node.js from https://nodejs.org/en/
        Important: npm3 is required. To update:
        - cd %ProgramFiles%\nodejs
        - npm -g install npm@latest

    2. Install nw-builder : npm -g install nw-builder

III. Clone repo and build
    1. git clone ssh://phab-vcs-user@phab.dev.grnet.gr:222/diffusion/BAAS/baas.git
    2. cd into baas directory to install node-webkit : npm install nw
    3. cd .. to build :  nwbuild -p win64 -v 0.12.0 baas/
    4. copy contents of build\baas\win64 folder into build directory


## Copyright and license

Copyright (C) 2015 GRNET S.A.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Build duplicity with dependencies on Linux

README.md, after:

# BaaS

Backup as a Service

## Build instructions

### Build instructions for Windows

I. Cygwin installation and setup
    1. Download Cygwin setup.exe from https://www.cygwin.com/setup-x86_64.exe
        Important: Place the setup file in the same directory as the installation scripts.
    2. Execute install.bat
        This will install Cygwin and prerequisite packages under .\build. It will also download
        and install python-lockfile, duplicity and python-swiftclient.

II. Node.js
    1. Install Node.js from https://nodejs.org/en/
        Important: npm3 is required. To update:
        - cd %ProgramFiles%\nodejs
        - npm -g install npm@latest

    2. Install nw-builder : npm -g install nw-builder

III. Clone repo and build
    1. git clone ssh://phab-vcs-user@phab.dev.grnet.gr:222/diffusion/BAAS/baas.git
    2. cd into baas directory to install node-webkit : npm install nw
    3. cd .. to build :  nwbuild -p win64 -v 0.12.0 baas/
    4. copy contents of build\baas\win64 folder into build directory

### Build instructions for Windows

I. Building duplicity
   1. You will need python, pip and gnupg.
   2. Make sure you have librsync-dev installed.
   3. pip install wheel.
   4. Download and unpack the latest duplicity source code from https://launchpad.net/duplicity/0.6-series
   5. Run make_duplicity.sh <path_to_duplicity_src>. This will build duplicity and collect its dependencies under build/duplicity. In order to run the executable build/duplicity/duplicity, you need to set PYTHONPATH=build/duplicity/lib.

## Copyright and license

Copyright (C) 2015 GRNET S.A.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
